okay so I'm here again with Talan he's
going to show us some more about this
amazing thermite me hi Carolyn I'm and
what are we going to cook today
so when I first started making suits in
the Thermomix I fell in love with it all
over again it is just so simple and
really easy honest make a quick soup for
lunch this broccoli and leek soup that
we're going to make today I used to make
pre Thermomix
and I'd make it on the stove gonna be
walk and then process it in batches
through my food processor and it took
ages completely worth it because it's
delicious even if you don't like
broccoli it's a shame they won't you
ever taste them make it big yeah tomato
it's really quick and easy and Taylor
interpreter we can all do we could be
versatile broccoli my husband says this
soup is like a proton pure in the sphere
this charged after eating it so the best
thing we're putting is a couple cloves
of garlic I've just peeled though
all chopped so just so you can see and
now we add the lakes up just roughly
chop the lake throw any that's one lake
and just a little speck down aside so
that garlic they were actually going to
cook it so we went some of the holy oil
so we set the temperature you set the
timer or whenever you cook
the leak in the garlic in there now
we're going to end which I know it's not
just got one one potato he said that
just because there are certainly
different variations you can leave it
out have a potato
I'm also going to pop in some home and
stock so this is vegetable stock
concentrate it is absolutely delicious
it's made with Kim Kimal and sea salt
and all those are the veggies that you
might roll out otherwise you can to
stock and then we just hop into some
water
potatoes don't water garlic and l'école
seedling away so now we add the broccoli
it's a beautiful organic broccoli and as
well that makes 2 litres of soup so
that's the fair now at this point you
can add in some sour cream I've got some
creme fraiche there you can just stir
through a little bit it's a fairly
creamy soup I think just with the potato
and it makes it a bit creamy
that's delicious impatient
I'm sure you could replace that we're a
little bit just a little bit creamy so
but you get the idea
I mean that's just how easy you know you
imagine you park on soup we never do the
minestrone in there as well obviously to
start puree at the end but can you think
of how much time it takes to make a
circuit home and so good to use your
veggie soup